e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.deps.json
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.runtimeconfig.json
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.runtimeconfig.dev.json
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.dll
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.pdb
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.Views.dll
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\bin\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.Views.pdb
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.TagHelpers.input.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.TagHelpers.output.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\About.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Login.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Logout.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Maintenance\ManageLookups.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Maintenance\ManageToolCodes.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_LayoutEmpty.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_LoginPartial.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.Views.pdb
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.dll
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.pdb
e:\projects\MachineworksRazor2\obj\Any CPU\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\MachineworksRazor2.csproj.CopyComplete
